[Music]
hello everyone i am deveka mehrotra i
completed my mba and agree business
management last year and joined the
corporate world
after joining the corporate world i
realized that i should hone my knowledge
and
skills in marketing domain i decided to
go
for an online digital marketing program
as i am working i opted for an online
program
i joined the digital marketing program
with Tekshala
Tekshala is having advanced digital
marketing program which is very detailed
and industry oriented
they have lots of practical sessions and
test series
i'm really enjoying this course and
believe
that this course will help me in my
career grow thank you
[Music]